1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Answer: Main advangtage is reusability of the code.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Answer: only when it's called, the function will run.

3. What statement creates a function?
Answer: def <function_name>(<arguments>):
            ...
            return <statement>

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Answer: Function is just a function that doesnt run if we are not calling it.
        Function call is to call the function by providing that function dependecies, it will execute the function entirelly.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Answer: there is only one global scope. local scope depends upon the number of functions we have.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Answer: local scope only works inside the function. after returning the function, local scope destroys.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Answer: return value returns something that we mention and the end of the function. it may either expression or a statement. it will execute and return it, at the time of calling the funciton.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Answer: It returns none.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Answer: by using global keyword.

10. What is the data type of None?
Answer: Nonetype

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Answer: No module found because, we doesnt create any module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Answer: i have to call the spam.becon() function.

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Answer: using try and except block

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Answer: if any error happens in try clause, program doesn't crash it goes to the except clause that executes the error.