1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
6 
Answer: values are "hello", -87.8, 6 and expression are *, -, /

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Answer: String is the combination of charecters that represented in a double notation. Variable is the representation of the values that stored inside it.
for example, string is a value that stored inside the variable.

3. Describe three different data types.
Answer: List- It is the collection of values which having mutability,allows duplicate values and also have indexing capability.
        Tuple- It is also the collection of values which having immutability, allowes duplicate values and indexing capability.
        Set-collection of values with immutability,doesnt allow duplicate values and does not have indexing.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answer: Expression are basically representation of values. For example, any string also a expression, it also represent it as well.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Answer: in this spam = 10. value by itself is considered as an expression. if we call spam in interpreter, it prints 10.
        in a statement, if we call print(spam), it also prints 10.
        A statement is an instruction that the Python interpreter can execute.
        An expression is a combination of values, variables, and operators. 
            If you type an expression on the command line, the interpreter evaluates it and displays the result

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answer: bacon contains the same value 22. because, we doesnt change the variable, we just add 1 with the value of variable.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Answer: 'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer:100 starts with the integer 1. variable name cannot starts the integer/number.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Answer: int(), float(), str()

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Answer: Strings always concatenate with strings not with numbers. "I have eaten " + "99" + " burritos."
